[MUSIC] Welcome to a video on the React structure. After watching this video, you will be able describe the vite
build tool to create React projects, list the steps to create a React project, list the directories and
files in a React folder structure. You can create a React project using
the CRA tool as shown in the code. This code will also install some files and
folders you may not require for the project. As a result,
this tool can lead to a large file size. React officials have now
come up with a new tool. Vite. Vite is a build tool that is
an improved development tool for front-end projects in the current web development scenario.
You can use it with React, Angular, or plain JavaScript, as well as any
new JavaScript library or system. Vite is a tool that speeds up the building
and development of web projects by making optimum use of how current
browsers handle JavaScript modules. The handling is done by bundling code only
when required, which speeds up time for programming and building. To create a project with the Vite tool,
use the following steps. One, write npm create command in
the terminal of your code editor. Two, give the project name. A list of frameworks will be displayed,
select React using arrow keys. Three, next, select JavaScript as the scripting
language in which you want to work with. A folder will be created
with the given project name. Four, the terminal will give you the
following instructions to start working on your project. cd learning_react will navigate you to the
precise location of your React project. npm install will install
all essential files and packages needed to run the React project. npm run dev initiates
the React application, facilitating its rendering
within a web browser. Five, the link and
port number will be displayed, using which your React application
can be opened in any browser. Six, the command npm run dev will
display the output as shown. Now let's understand
the folder structure of React. Navigate inside the React project from
the Explorer section of your code editor, which will show this structure. After creating a React project with Vite, the folder structure consists of
the following directories and files. The node_modules directory contains
all the dependencies installed through NPM or Yarn. The public directory contains static
assets like HTML files, images, and fonts. The HTML file serves as the entry
point for the React application. The src directory contains the source
code for the react application. Inside the SRC folder,
you will have App.jsx, App.css, main.jsx, and index.css files. main.jsx is the entry point for
the React application. It renders the root component into the
HTML file located in the public directory. App.jsx represents the root
component of the React application. It may contain other components and
logic to compose the UI. This will contain the boilerplate
template for React. The other files in
the structure are as follows. package.json contains metadata
about the project and dependencies. It also includes scripts for running,
building, and testing the application. vite.config.js contains
configuration settings for the Vite build tool,
such as customizing the build process, specifying plug-ins, and
configuring development server options. .gitignore specifies which files and directories should be ignored
by Git version control. README.md file provides information about
the project, including setup instructions, usage guidelines, and
project documentation. index.html is a fundamental part
of web development projects, serving as the entry point for
web applications. The eslintrc.cjs file is
a configuration file used by ESLint, which is a popular linting tool for
JavaScript. The .cjs extension indicates
that it is a CommonJS module, which means it follows the CommonJS
module format for Node.js applications. Now, you can start building the application
by creating more folders and files. In this video, you learned that Vite
is a build tool, which is an improved development tool for front-end projects
in the current web development scenario. Vite handles JavaScript modules by
bundling code only when it's required, which speeds up time for
programming and building. After creating a React project with Vite,
the folder structure consists of many directories and
files, like node modules, public, src, main.jsx, App.jsx,
package.json, and so on. [MUSIC]